Wife, what do you think?
Great ouch
Good boy married
Ouch, this little girl looks white and clean
It's a good match.
Stay home for dinner another day?
We must go when we are done.
Good Zhou Lang, please
Okay, what's your scientific name?
Lots of vests.
Financial Tycoon
You are his benefactor
Awesome
Vest what vest
I'm not wearing a vest
What's your name, girl?
Free surname Jiang Haohao Haohao
Miss Jiang, I will arrange it for you.
No, nothing else.
I have already written the manuscript
Photos are also readily available
As long as your editors follow my arrangement
Is this a peer?
This level of professionalism is even worse for me
A little understanding
In my previous life, I was a regular in major fashion magazines
Resident guests do publicity
Am I not more professional than you?
President Wang, can you show it to me?